hello I'm Shakuntala santa ana in kuala
lumpur with the top stories on al
Jazeera three planes carrying passengers
from the Gaza aid flotilla stormed by
Israel earlier this week have arrived in
Istanbul the pro are Palestinian
activists were deported on Wednesday
from Israel they received a hero's
welcome when they touched down in
Turkey's bigger city the bodies of the
nine people killed during the Israeli
raid were also on board the Arab League
has held an emergency meeting to discuss
its response to the Israeli wait it says
it's committed to breaking Israel siege
on Gaza by all means al Jazeera's our
correspondent in Gaza City nicole
Johnson is following the story except
that they will send in aid medicine
construction material they called on
countries around the world to do the
same thing to ignore the siege and to
break the blockade they also called on
the United Nations Security Council to a
game demand an end to ease rails
blockade of Gaza British police say it's
too early to know the motive behind a
mass shooting in which 12 people were
killed and 25 others injured taxi driver
Derek bird shot dead at least one of his
colleagues before driving through the
scenic Lake District in northwest
England apparently shooting people at
random his body was later found in a
woodland area and a BP says its latest
effort to seal a leaking oil well in the
gulf of mexico as back on track earlier
a Diamond edged saw became stuck while
trying to cut through a fractured pipe
in the seabed they've now freed the saw
and bp's hoping to completely cut and
cap the broken pipe in the coming hours
the UN Special Rapporteur on
extrajudicial killings has called for an
end to CIA director drone strikes in a
report to the UN Human Rights Council
Philip Alston says the use of drone
strikes could create a Playstation
mentality he says us aryl attacks have
killed innocent civilians in Afghanistan
and Pakistan and Japan's a finance
minister Naruto Khan is almost certain
to become the country's new prime
minister
on Friday Khan has confirmed he'll run
in the party race for the post replacing
Yukio Hatoyama who's announced he's
stepping down less than nine months into
his term hotter Yama's popularity
plunged after he broke a campaign
promise to move a US military base off
the island of okinawa there's always
more on our website the address is al
Jazeera dotnet forward slash English